WEB:
Whatever you want to share with other via internet that facility provided by web.
WWW:
This is world wide web also known as web because all the public websites or pages
that users can access on their local computers and other devicesthrough the internet.
Browser: 
A computer program with a graphical user interface for displaying and navigating 
between web pages.
Addressbar:
The address bar is the element that shows the current URL. The user can type a
URL into it to navigate to a chosen website.
Titlebar:
The title bar is a horizontal bar located at the top of a window in a GUI 
(graphical user interface).
HTTP:
Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is an application-layer protocol for transmitting
hypermedia documents, such as HTML. It was designed for communication between web 
browsers and web servers.
HTTPS:
Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is an extension of the Hypertext Transfer
Protocol (HTTP).
URL:
A URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is a unique identifier used to locate a resource 
on the Internet.It is also referred to as a web address.
URI:
A Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) is a character sequence that identifies a logical
(abstract) or physical resource.
Extansion:
An extension, in computer operating systems, is a piece of software that enhances or
“extends” the capabilities of a programming language or other applications.
Editors:
Editors or text editors are software programs that enable the user to create and edit
text files.
Network:
A computer network is a group of interconnected nodes or computing devices that 
exchange data and resources with each other.
TCP:
Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is a communications standard that enables 
application programs and computing devices to exchange messages over a network.
IP:
while IP is responsible for making sure the packets are sent to the right destination.
Hosting:
A host is a web server that stores and transmits the data for one or more websites. 
Host can also refer to the service provider that leases this infrastructure, which
is known as hosting.
Domain:
A domain is a group of connected Windows computers that share user account information
and a security policy.
Server:
A server is a computer or system that provides resources, data, services, or programs 
to other computers, known as clients, over a network.
Client:
A client is a computer or a program that, as part of its operation, relies on sending 
a request to another program or a computer hardware or software that accesses a 
service made available by a server.
SEO:
SEO means Search Engine Optimization and is the process used to optimize a website's 
technical configuration.


